 <unk> 1 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the provisions of the convention, or accession to national legislation, would enable the article to be implemented in accordance with article 4 of the provisions of article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 is still well.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates.
 the 1 step in the phase ii methodology requires the basis for such grade as a basis for the remuneration comparison.
 according to the progressive development of china's tourism market, price prices may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping markets and the market stalls for the past 5 years.
 the most difficult period of peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, as the assumption that the prediction is expected to have significant changes.
 it is necessary to look into the country, rather than the form of instrument.
 a spokesman for the israeli spokesperson said that after long, the occupying forces had to wait for long.
 some of us believe that this action would not be left to the process of openness and transparent consultations from the beginning.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problem of the court.
 in january 1996, the family of namibia has been established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties have the state party to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its power, therefore, legality and in fact, a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to try the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who are those who are committing laws should be understood, the international community, which is the council's decisions and action.
 the parents do not have the responsibility of the responsibilities of the responsibilities to the school and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, one country, two systems in hong kong.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21, and another representative of china.
 the government understands that the hos plans to avoid marketing competition with private property market and to maintain the different populations.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations in close consultation with the country concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term is elected by a 800 members.
 if a person is based on a security guarantee, the person must at least appropriate attention to prevent the installation of the device.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network, and was conducted in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate of gdp growth has increased by 4.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after visiting the visit to visit the visit to visit the visit, ms wong and edburghburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile expresses its strongest protest against the strongest protest by the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as a result of the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claimant's mandate was not in principle for compensation.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional group.
 the long-standing problems between the two countries and the government of ukraine in the regular budget and the government of ukraine has not been able to recover promptly to the organization.
 member of the panel of experts from india and the united states of america, a member of the panel of experts between india and the united states.
 he won the university of su lai's university.
 however, the committee pointed out that the service of the country was not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the establishment of the system for the establishment of the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30) that those who wish to use the internet are required to register the banks.
 mr tsang was also grateful to assist in the construction of marine personnel, and other interested parties concerned.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of preconditions for some of these groups.
 on the 8, no tropical cyclone warning signals from 10.30 pm in the face of the hong kong city.
 this is regrettable, as part of the drafts prepared to be prepared by the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities will hope to address these problems.
 the official language of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish, spanish, spain, this year.
 in transactions with local transactions, hong kong authorized institutions for 16 per cent and 10 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial customers.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single-tons.
 it is essential that there is a need for further achievement, which is feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was later arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 in the region, there is a cause of concern for the donor community in the region.
 the prosecutor has made an appeal to the chamber, and the chamber was transferred to france.
 the trend towards the economic slowdown in these countries has contributed to the impact of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability, thus bringing us to us.
 the week is 1 day.
 we have entered into the world, through the united nations, through the united nations, with each other in the north and east.
 3, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to enable ict to promote the development efforts of developing countries.
 he said: " i don't have a sword, " he said. "
 (15) in the words and thinking of the international perspective.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks on 11 september.
 the officials of the ministry of agriculture said that china's control of avian flu is quite effective.
 chile concurs that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces would be able to prevent the mistakes of the conflict in the prevention of violence.
 at this critical juncture, however, it is important that the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive authorities can work in a better dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, on behalf of the african group, commended unifem for a response to the response of unifem for the responses.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year to build up 13 coal " bases throughout the country.
 at the end of this year, the new year's old town, which is in ancient years, is moving to modernize the road.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit cards of the institution.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state party or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the publication will be enriched in a number of people's concern about the social and economic aspects of the community.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states indicate that they are tending to increase the tendency to increase the council's permanent and very permanent membership.
 customers are able to set up within six months after the issue of special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph lai, and the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph lai, and the bureau of education.
 in 1971, she was established in a society of society.
 it is not easy to determine the contribution of voters and election activities.
 the south pacific states members of the south pacific states deeply regret that the resumption of a resumption of nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each.
 in many cases, there are many cases in many cases in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and public.
 in fact, i would like to go to belgium.
 currently, the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and the maintenance of peace and the maintenance of peace and the concept of peace.
 such a means can help to identify the real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint president of the united nations.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the nation-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 bombs and residences were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at a halt.
 the structure of the structure has become more closely and simple, and more even greater.
 the persistence of high prices, not only the ordinary people, has also led to the high priority of government departments and experts.
 if he does not speak, he would need to be a need to take into account the heart of the heart.
 we do not have a professional and professional scholars who have professional knowledge of the profession.
 the saying goes. "
 if the largest national party has been confirmed, it is expected that it would be expected to accelerate the democratic party of the new millennium.
 after the days of the days of the day, the creator of lights of lanterns, one is like the " spring " winds.
 the mainland is optimistic about the mainland to taiwan in taiwan.
 the most common aspects of the existence of functionality jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone of navigation and adoption of territorial seas.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to refer to such frauds. if there is doubts, please call the police to report to the police.
 margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the united nations in the united nations specialized united nations specialized agencies to become a chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international covenant, it is in accordance with the national law on extradition.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations on 10 december 1948, adopted by the united nations general assembly on the development of states.
 the committee commends the protection of human rights in the slovenia of slovenia, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on the basis of this, the whole world has no blackked dark.
 the principle of non-discrimination has become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process to reach a history of history, and the process is very uncertain, as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of web pages from the printer web pages from april has increased to nearly 60000.
 there is no case in the case of the previous case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the performance of the commission on the work of the commission depends on the ability of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorized letters must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are looking for " quality ", and we believe that we think it is not important.
 the democratic republic of the congo generally agreed that the international community had no intention to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the user is to assess the damage caused by floods for crops and infrastructure.
 in the 1 step, the government has to take a step forward on the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong, as well as the co-operation between the two exchanges of hong kong.
 the regional office must assist the implementation of the confidence-building measures in the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the criminality of the offence and to implement killings, explosions, possession of dangerous drugs, the lowest and the highest limits, will be added to 1<unk>3 of them.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullets were fired by genuine guns.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for care of care, the applicants are generally subject to three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the spread of aids.
 the way of re-establishing people's life is the product of modernisation.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony between peace and harmony and to promote the development of the different peoples of the world.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the weather changes in china can be done.
 this does not only enhance the ability of local production to the asia-pacific region, " the spokesman added.
 i would like to understand that we are able to understand that our dreams are at the end of 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of symptoms are mainly lower than minor.
 the coordination of inter-agency cooperation with the united nations agencies, which is also appropriate, is also appropriate.
 in the face of the marketing market, parents can make much more choices.
 if the more double-digit figure is the result, it is certainly very serious if the more double-digit figure.
 it would be impossible for those vietnamese and lao persons who could not be re-united, and will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 was well established, and the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is essential for the maintenance of nuclear tests.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration freedom.
 they also believe that this might be a precedent which led to notification of all types of vessels to notify the parties.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never know that the government will never know.
 at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong through a total of about $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 a total of 30 tons of relief items have been brought to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenge of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this approach, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, there was no need for trade in egypt before the opening of the 1994 borders.
 madam president, in the process of procession, the assembly is not a person's rights and is not always a political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the talks.
 14. recently, the private sector and the foundations of the private sector are significantly increase in the interest of the united nations.
 there are no other opinion <unk>
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the israelis, and another person to the residents.
 because of the limited time of time, i have not been able to do so.
 the recent developments in the recent political front seem that it would not help help hong kong to solve the problem.
 part of the model consists of the model models, which include a model of preceptional models and lux oil.
 9 of the percentage pointed from currency exchange rates came from currency exchange rates.
 typically, illicit arms transactions are carried out by administrative facilities for the control of arms control.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial systems of the swiss financial system in the future, in the future, to do so.
 most of the job vacancies are available for the registration or degree of graduates for the registration of a diploma or degree.
 the total value of works completed by the main contractor in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the detailed information of the commission, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 in the near future, these programmes were broadcast on television stations in croatia.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement and support of the commonwealth official activities.
 the chinese delegation believed that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is now at horring at horring at the end of the tens, prospects.
 because the honourable leung wing-king has more time, it is so much better to give support.
 the observer for indians, africa and the inter-american association of americas view that non-criminants should be recognized as a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years to grasp the performance of graduates of university graduates.
 we are not clearing the edition of china's chinese version, which is very likely to be an excuse for hong kong officials.
 the college of commissioner was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law models these parties (the signatures of the signatory, dependence on the parties) and certification services providers.
 it is therefore expected that the emergence of the capacity of the country programme is low.
 the committee will consider a particular topic.
 " the hong kong special administrative region has warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan population is only a telephone telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and integrity of the institution and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also closed several days of closure between the gaza strip and egypt between the gaza strip and egypt.
 owing to the relocation of unloading, the reduction in transport costs and the reduction in transport costs will benefit.
 as a result of the creator or appliances, there is a lot of art.
 36. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2.
 she wants to do so, such as listening to radio, television, research, training, sports, singing, singing and balloo and war.
 when i talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan, it is very difficult for me to see the impact of undep.
 it can be calculated on the basis of a higher value of charge.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing is invited to talk about this, explaining that there is no relationship with the redevelopment area.
 the team entrusted with an independent expert opinion, encouraged consultants to work in open, transparent manner.
 i don't see such reports but often heard such reports.
 (a) the companies who are interested in rental applications must be required to apply formal applications.
 in film of movies, mr. hou-yin's story is the story of hsiu-anu, and the young man, a young man's death incident.
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that there will be some four years later.
 it is difficult to find it difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of whom are management positions.
 the court considers that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase payment.
 the independent human rights association in the region should have a channel for the independent human rights commission on human rights.
 the current session of the 50 session of the draft resolution will be created at the 50 session of the draft sponsor of the draft.
 iraq is requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial secretary has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's financial status in this year.
 the conference considered that the mandate of the elections is the privilege of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors may also go back to the end of modern civilizations.
 we have set far a long goal to develop hong kong's development as the asian region.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam yu-ken, and the fund management committee to be distributed to all senior citizens.
 mrs selina chow's proposal to strengthen the use of " juvenile police station ".
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as for the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is actually wrong.
 shanghai <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> export <unk> export company, zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping company has to be able to meet the mainland's domestic shipment industry in the mainland.
 the government of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone in the wake of civil war in the eight years of civil war is a priority.
 according to he said, historically, history is in the case.
 the development framework of the transitional government has developed a framework for the economic and social development framework.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the competence of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been able to carry out their duties in their duties.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the entire world.
 <unk> the director of information services will be served as the director of information services on january 7, 2001.
 the dancers have a lot of flowers with flowers, and then thrown the audience.
 the most worrying of the united nations society is most worrying.
 as a result, again, the doctor said that the child had been infected with small children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the ch'an's elders, it's hard to go to the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building, for peace-building, for peace-building.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred in tai po in tai po, tai po in tai po.
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004 in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, and the communities of the community should not allow the people to look back to the future.
 we should not forget that these are public money and we can no longer be a waste of public money.
 on the contrary, local universities have a degree of degree in local universities.
 i have recently visited various districts to attend the general assembly.
 the copy of these written statements shall be sent promptly to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to them.
 qinsheng says that james soong will arrive at the 1 station on may 5, he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report during the reporting period.
 major train explosions occurred on the 22 of the north korean police station on 22 days.
 the contents of the special rapporteur's activities include representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 i really dare not agree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 the international trafficking act, however, also involved in other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 my own is not a belief, but i have often heard religions of love.
 therefore, if the sar government is set up, only the chinese government will only be eligible for the government of the hksar.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, we have already been able to implement some of its provisions, particularly on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 per cent, and it was four years for the first time in four years.
 the financial year 2004, the us export bank has provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 two informal meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering ways to take legal action on pollution of the pollution of the government's site.
 the proposed establishment was established for the operation of 36 posts and 18 posts were paid from the regular budget.
 in taiwan, the " 3 route " in taiwan is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, we have zhang charts for double-voting swords.
 in addition, the transport department has increased a daily unloading of the operation of the operation of the bus, ranging from 8 to 12.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council to the attention of the councils attention to the situation in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the meeting would be held at 0.09:30, the place was the united states congress, 105 rooms.
 the record shall be kept on board 3 years after the final date of the record.
 china has reduced two billion people.
 the large number of bangkok people in the bangkok centre are prepared to cross the year.
 we fully support the similar statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in the urban area will be able to pick up the car parks on the road road near ming-ming road near ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between sovereign states and the legal transfer of arms transfers.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline staff in the economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires a consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but not the refugee status of refugees.
 when i went to my small children, i am deeply impressed by a very serious thing.
 the commission also participated in the international seminar on human rights and the rights of human rights.
 the study of gender differences and inequality could not be sufficiently adequate.
 according to the conservative and environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that these technology applications could be able to reach a number of us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) for the appointment of 12 members for the appointment of the labour advisory committee (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned.
 " the east asian region has always been able to use the financial surplus in the east asia.
 the swd has contacted the family members of chen feng-ling.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of the accommodation costs of the state is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the west timor camps.
 there has been no place in which these persons have no place, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops will be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police officers, paying for the training and management of the police also applies to the prison guards.
 " the inspection has also been found to be able to meet transport, public utility facilities and other loads, " the spokesman added.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or were reflected in some international conventions.
 after the buildings, the ministry of home affairs, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 we wish hong kong to be a sun of sun breeding, and rain breeding breedings, air quality, and good happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main task of economic and social development.
 we therefore stress the obligation of nuclear powers to the conclusion of a comprehensive test-ban treaty for the conclusion of the ctbt.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states shall only maintain a network of 20 users.
 since the opening up of the reform, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the world.
 in my country's warmth of warming and so long, it will be possible for three years to come back and 60.
 i hope that in the course of the meeting today, the secretary-general will be able to enjoy the hall of this general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to give the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, measures agreed to have been agreed, including the national implementation of national citizens in the region.
 a friend is truly friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the unemployment, employment and employment difficulties of workers, employment and employment difficulties have been hampered by some time.
 even if they entered into the interior, we should not give up the performance of " live plays ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the average inflation rate last year has a significant increase in the last year.
 in hong kong, i would like to make sure that we have already studied the use of drugs and antibiotics in hong kong.
 the greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the weekend on the weekend also raised the weekend on weekends.
 it would also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications for the number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota.
 the above-mentioned seizure of assets were carried out on the basis of the criminal code of criminal procedure and was chaired by the judge.
 judging from the back of the students, it is also the only way for the students to death.
 for providing basic medical supplies for health-care facilities in unrwa, the patient is providing basic medical supplies.
 the reform plan is not only a redeployed land.
 on the subject of this subject, the conference tried to remind people that one of the one-minute one was killed or maimed.
 when the neighbourings of the neighbourings of the neighbourings, there are a number of crafts of crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow instructions from traffic signs and follow-up officers on the scene.
 this conclusion, as a result, had been surprising that the legal counsel had previously had previously been subjected to the lack of legitimate acts involving payments to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of broadening the possibility of broadening the existing social security system or individual scope.
 amputation of amputation of amputation of their lives, which affects their lives, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries were declining at the same time.
 after implementing the scheme, it is expected that many colleagues will take the first time for the first time for the first time.
 he was said to have been hiding in his father's father's father's father's father's father.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau (b) also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of low-skilled employment opportunities is the only one-level service sector.
 the project suggests that the current funding of small enterprises is based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau claimed that the " youth charter " was " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for the money of the woman.
 they shall be open for a step-by-step market of monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all universal universal universal recognition of human rights.
 state practice demonstrates that the length of the duration of the persons concerned is a significant difference.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervently hopes that the security council would continue its consideration of the previous agenda, which could also be reviewed.
 there has been a considerable reduction in the reduction of populations living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has led to setbacks.
 as a result, the countries of a number of financial resources are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration in the situation in the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to achieving the goals of multi-ethnic people.
 mr lo's discovery, development, manufacturing and sales of the use of the uses and the use of a large number of world consumer products.
 as a result of the veinters, the veterinians were also detained at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat analysed a large number of missions, which have been verified by a large number of missions.
 to tackle the flood problem in the northwest new territories, we need to implement the shenzhen river governance project.
 the capitalism of law and ethicism is often leading to drug trafficking, and organized crime and corruption.
 in the light of the work of the emperor's work, chen ching-kuen's work was the first of the work of the world's work.
 the one-way routes between the two places will be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories, which accounted for the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories.
 <unk> don't take a large amount of cash or property.
 at least 17 were shot, 38 individuals were killed and 38 individuals were burned.
 the working group and international human rights services, a minority rights group, took part in the seminar held in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers in sham shui po in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the measures taken to control the need for change.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in economic transition, is particularly significant in developing countries, as well as foreign currency earnings.
 according to the same source, there were more than 800 persons who were allegedly killed by the communists of the communists of the nepaln communist party ( maoist).
 in accordance with the law of law, the offence of the crime of terrorist activities, in accordance with the existing legislation, shall be legal responsibility.
 mr president, following the closure of the landfill landfills in jordan, the problem will be completely resolved.
 in the 1990s, over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, with more than 600 million left permanent disability or injuries.
 this is a great help to develop ecology. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government of the government.
 if the person fails to make improvements or effect, the department will conduct warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned.
 in addition, we are again one of the most competitive economies in the world's free and most competitive economy.
 the highways department (sdd) today (july 20) signed a construction of $ 680008000000 worth of construction, valued by the construction of $ 680000000.
 i have checked hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law of the basic law.
 thirdly, there are practical cooperation in the area of non-traditional security.
 during this period from june to july this year, the situation in most of the major sectors of the major industry is stable.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, more people with disabilities have been absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiations on the international convention for the suppression of international conventions.
 the regulation, together with the work of the industry and industrial operation, will be able to implement the protection scheme.
 the letter is not to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people and the number of people in the world is growing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry in this regard, " he added.
 the state party argues that it should be applied to the present case.
 he was told that the main causes of the darfal conflict was a dispute between the clans of the region with the crops of the crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the development of community facilities, such as the fire services bureau and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 " the details of the details are also available for the upgrading of the language skills.
 on the other hand, chen shui-shek sits on the waves of the bones and from time to time.
 in fact, in the case of judicial jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison act is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of setting up a resource centre for the judiciary is not to encourage people to fight themselves.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr. president, expressed the discussion very useful and will take follow-up action on various recommendations.
 in addition, we will be prepared to prepare for the election of the district boards in 2003.
 located at the secretariat entrance of the 1 avenue, the vehicles located at 1 avenue will be limited to the vehicle autobular traffic in the 1 avenue.
 in the face of the village pressure, 2020 trees used to be diverted by the villagers, and the people of 2020 trees have been put in place.
 the institute of land reform was established as a result of the establishment of a land transfer plan for the transfer of land transfers.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or information on the girl, please call a mong kok police station on 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute had designated a formal inspection body to implement the quality and productivity productivity programme.
 this morning, we have little time, and i would like to focus on the two three issues.
 to this end, education has given importance to education, increasing the means and means of education to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not the command of the devaliation of the army.
 the field asset control system is the disposal of a series of audit of the united nations accounting responsibility for the united nations accounting for assets.
 this cannot be impossible.
 for security reasons and to protect the environment, these material need to be unexploded, non-confidentity, non-politic gas and non-production.
 the offence of treason was in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse, it seems that because of the destructive threat of nuclear weapons, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted in many cases.
 in the village, the village has been scared away.
 the armed conflict in the darural area began in february last year.
 the rights of non-discrimination is the international protection of human rights, and, in particular, to respect the multisectoral system.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, based on the rules, any documents or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that the future of hong kong will pick up.
 the choice is to choose whether or not the choice of the trading contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to dismissed.
 at that time, governor patten is busy to prepare for the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the security council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, are always saddened, and it is always sad for the lives of the children.
 the seized included $ 50000 of money.
 in recent years the world economy took place in recent years.
 these guidelines have been set up in the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they believed to be the level of scientific doctrines of technology.
 while member states requested to strengthen the representatives of the field, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was bombed in the vicinity of the city of the city.
 security guards of senior officials at the session of the session, as well as individuals, will be issued to the united nations security and safety service.
 the latest maps and from the image of the new access have been transmitted to rescue agencies.
 the programme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations agencies have been engaged in mine clearance activities in its mandate.
 the cambodian kingdom of cambodia provides legal protection for hiv <unk> aids in hiv <unk> aids, and the human rights of these people.
 as a result, once again, once again, the housing department will have to ask the housing department for further interviews.
 the drop-out rate for girls in secondary school is still higher than boys, at secondary and university levels, while males are still at secondary and university.
 on the other hand, both sides of the cyc and the kenms of the two factions have been subjected to violence.
 there is no difficulties in setting up and access to such private schools.
 but never imagined that she had changed her decision.
 a warning letter will be received from the transport department.
 it has always been the hands of the united states in the united states, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for environmental capital co-operation agencies, the president of the world bank.
 if the official officials are interested in the investment interest, we can do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of the international system over the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it cannot be said, i am sure.
 the cuban sugar quotas in the us market has been proposed.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day it was necessary to report to the gendende.
 mr. bow is the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region ordinance.
 it is, of course, the more representative of the 1 legislative council to vote.
 an hourly location of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be available at 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe that there will be a better rest.
 this approach is clearly administrative.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriot community was a ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 his delegation proposed that, in addition to the addition, a model should also include model.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in the court.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the delegation of his contribution to the work of the topic.
 no one can go to him.
 with regard to the instability of the marriage situation, she asked whether the root causes of the family division has been identified.
 the fact is that the environment of the earth is worse than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the committee on innovation and technology advisers and special advisers.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, information on betterness and access to access to information has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority of this is a result of external forces, without control groups and individual actions.
 " the achievement of the achievements of the past and the current incumbent on our own colleagues have no self-reliance. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 to improve the living standards of children and to improve services, parents are able to pay some costs on the basis of household income.
 however, further efforts are needed to make further efforts to promote the outcome of the work, which caused attention to the state authorities concerned.
 those responsible for the implementation of these criminal acts could not be allowed to provide safe asylum.
 on july 26, july this year, a security guard was seen to see a security guard on two burglants.
 the council considers that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional environment under the traditional business environment, the marketers can only take care of their best contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates in the republic of the republic shall be protected with the same protection of the law.
 the members of the european union have a three-year period of time to enable them to reach a direct agreement on 6 june 2000.
 at a press conference, the pfp has been anger in a pressing manner and, in the way of a press conference, drove the kmt back.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 in the region of the region, the performance of the developed countries in the region is still under collapse.
 it is unrealistic to say that others have been saved by others.
 it is still hard to be able to sell the hard-to-sense knife, and he will be able to be sold at a high level.
 in the near future, there was no breakthrough in the fishing industry.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will act in accordance with the regulation of supervision and standards in accordance with the regulatory framework for the licensees of the sfc.
 for the first time, the star was returned to the sample of stars.
 we want to see the real universality of peace in the university of peace and to take a truly global mission.
 the population estimate is an important parameters for projection and projections, for private and commercial organizations.
 more than 30 years ago, they were invited to participate in the chinese new year new year's chinese new year.
 the united states government acknowledges that the cuban bank accounts should have diplomatic immunity.
 2, the fees charged are paid on the basis of the commution of the category.
 during the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, the black-sighted attack, and networking, equipment, equipment, equipment.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the recommendations proposed by the industry.
 members of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the company's liquidity to conceal its loan and a company.
 it's not surprising that chinese people feel that the names of the names will be avoided.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to their families with health education and disinfections on their residence.
 i am very much concerned about the question of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of the non-governmental organizations suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations to the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 when focusing on the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to stay in a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine issues in the middle east.
 i do so.
 these include the threat of the sovereignty of sovereignty, including the threat of the sovereignty of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of the world security and peace cannot be carried out by the international community.
 a state of emergency in several parts of limazhou was renewed again on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of the taliban, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is very suitable for threats, deterrence, defence, self-defence and revenge.
 it is government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's government's policy to provide support for the application of the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private child care centres for the 170 private child care centres.
 after that incident, both sides have taken military operations, but the front line did not have significant changes.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 however, it will take immediate action on some immediate dangers.
 the commission can make a new image of new images with the commission's databases, and the recent latest images of the committee (5000).
 the estimate of the local employment level includes 10 per cent of the vacancy rate.
 the use of coal to natural gas will also reduce the use of sulphur, nice and carbon dioxide emissions.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 large-scale establishments in the manufacturing sector refers to more than 100 or more employed persons in other sectors, and 50 or more people were employed.
 under section 23 of the criminal code, section 23 of the criminal code, section 23 of the criminal code is applicable to the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of resolution 56<unk>82 of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, mr. president of the world, the kings king of morocco, died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation mission, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the rest of the remaining 19 are swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spanish special concerns.
 the automation of the car, which will not be fitted, will be done.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") use the capacity of information technology.
 8 days later, u.s.a.
 more than 2,000 blacks in the hong kong park will be displayed at the hong kong park of the hong kong park.
 the survey will provide a reliable and timely information on the standard of living in the territory of the territory.
 one of the hot hot spots on the part of the family is to be sony's 1 new page on the new year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation to abolish the abolition of the abolition of the abolition of the death penalty is a major trend in respect of human rights.
 it is also known to know that it was very effective.
 15 of the 15 catholics and international charity societies, as well as his many staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to provide more investigative powers and the independence of the competition administration.
 held in beijing, the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the association of association for employers.
 the international community can co-operate with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance has submitted a response to the response of the procedure.
 " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property market will not be large. "
 if the honourable lau ping-cheung, the honourable lau ping-cheung has just like to apply for the application.
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in the charter and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state must begin to collect data on their stockpiling and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are relevant from various institutions.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of words " and so on. "
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it would be in principle opposed to the opening of a tax departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the transport of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon with the forests of the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the attacks in the south-eastern southern part of the province and continues to be in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to provide the assistance of the industries affecting the labour shortage.
 the speedy trains of the germany's lighting trains in germany is a speed of $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such jobs are still being assigned to the division and need to be subject to consideration and approval.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on november 6, so as to hold public service.
 at the same time, private universities have granted relief fees for the students.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations are essential for further realization of the common objective of our region.
 he was very strong, and he has been very strong, and he was trying to seize the disease.
 in some cases, some of the police have asked the words in the case.
 according to the results, jewing oil is not available for pharmaceuticals, and they have been sold through a german company through a german company.
 it welcomed the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to open the tunnel open by the al-qa al-qa al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact this year's spring festival this year, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from tourists.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been adjusted to reflect the latter in order to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right to the demonstration, i am sure that we should not relax our spirit.
 the private car immediately fled the scene at the scene at the scene.
 although the evidence is made, they are still being defended, saying that they are still in the defence.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopoly.
 it is important to note that, in terms of their respective roles and mandates, it is unfair and not appropriate, " the spokesman said.
 i believe not only will not only affect the future.
 the political infection of the environment has done so far, and even the words " everything " is referred to in the words ".
 " our immunization system is like the army as the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to the east.
 in my opinion, we believe that we have made an important significance in this week to demonstrate our commitment to this international health.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general and the appreciation of the secretary-general for his consideration of the report made by him today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, on its part, has made sacrifices for rebuilding democracy after several decades of political instability.
 in the west gates, it is only a legend for her many legends.
 we all know what we are very familiar with stones.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations to participate in the work of the oceans.
 in history, there is no other child in the history of the child.
 the " peaceful flaws " is the whole continent of our entire continent and to the peoples of the peoples.
 as the chairman of the new adviser of the new advisers, i am determined to build on a good basis in the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of moral means and the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, seizures of cocaine seizures in recent years were reported in recent years, with 913 kg cocaine cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supports the proposal of the mexican proposal by the relevant united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then, he was reportedly injured by a police police vehicle, and he was hit by a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of the protection of nature should be undertaken in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define information on information and evaluations of information and evaluations.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement would be a shorter than my speech, but now i would like to say a short time.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the united states appeal court of the united states court of appeal to the court of appeal to the court.
 in this connection, the number of displaced persons in the equatoral area and the northern part of kagaga province had not been received without assistance.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave city.
 in response to the existing economic environment, we urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-trial training courses.
 at best, i can only go to the local saying that the government is only a good thing.
 the current operating budget for the current operation is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10-year payment of 10 per cent should be set up on 31 december, with a view to establishing 10 per cent of the exchange rate.
 the president's views and wife are unanimous.
 the ministerial conference of trade in the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle, and can be a good forum.
 speaking on the 1 of the above, it was suggested that, on the 1 issue, it was proposed to provide the basic capacity of students, university graduates and professional groups.
 so, if there is a so-called consensus on the so-called unanimousness of the so-called so-called so-called consensus, it is not intellectual.
 regular receives and processing of the processing and handling of the processing and processing of satellites-6.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as regards the content of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkhk) is basically the same.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports increased by 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the recent example of the shao ho builds in the shattor, which involves the integrity of the country's country parks.
 the content of the various items envisaged envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyers, chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyers, will be a key to the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on 15 june were released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been given to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at the moment.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the information and the use of information on the use of non-governmental organizations.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i am grateful to the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the promotion of policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this is, however, 15 different different countries.
 in accordance with the procedure for the provision of international treaties, the legal assistance of the treaty has been signed.
 these realities must be resolved to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or the majority of them, will return to their homes.
 the national list is not short, and direct victims of the elderly, and the victim continues to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon lee yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decrease in the construction industry and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, there was a number of restrictions on the cost and expenditure of lawyers.
 it is a exception to which it is a time-frame, which is not too long to be punishable.
 on the weekend, the time of the next time, the time of the time, and the local people have been swept out of young children.
 the bank does not think that the government directs banks to deal with their business.
 for enquiries on the programme, please call 2406 <unk> 911<unk> admission seats: 23734 90099.
 therefore, the taiwan straits can do a unit in a unit.
 the procedure for the seizure of assets in the assets of assets (bank accounts) in the georgian penal code (bank accounts).
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to expand and traffic areas, " he said.
 since 50 years of the establishment of the united nations, albania has experienced one of the most sad dictatorships in the continent.
 we do not agree in the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask what i did not <unk> they would say that they will be joining you.
 he was detained by the indian army for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, in addition to article 13 to 18, the international system of international institutions should be considered more specifically.
 1970-1975 minister of the soviet embassy in italy.
 a code of moral code should be enacted in the areas of conflict zones.
 the preconditions should be that the provision should be fair, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale arrangements will not be sold for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, there were 5300 births in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 5300.
 however, i have said that, since the issue of the problem reflects the historical and people of the balkans.
 in the future of hong kong, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 over any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 according to reports, these foods have been exported by pollution. these foods have been exported in other places.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice, luxembourg has made reservations about the adoption of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop the flow of arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss their views with the industry.
 i want to find a small boy who wanted to be killed over the past 10 years.
 chang sheng-kuang talked about the taiwan edition of all copyrights in taiwan.
 the overall plan has focused on the promotion of girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary-general of the chinese communist party's secretary-general's secretary-general's secretary-general's resignation was far from the revolutionary revolution.
 during the promotion of chickens, there are also rooms for the farms and educators to promote the development of the farming industry.
 the advisory committee calls for a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements.
 against this background, the committee endeavours to understand the full character of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the people have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the uncompleted balance has been the termination of the programme of troops.
 in addition, we will continue to pay direct contributions to the palestinians.
 the use of scientific research and practical application activities should be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy the elections and the right to vote.
 of the 40 businesses in service industries, 40 businesses have received loans, create or saved 79 jobs during the period under review.
 in early june, the members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to pay friends from entrepreneurship.
 during the past few months, the storm will also have a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 when protests were protested, part of the people's emotions are emotional, and the police used a high high-pelling line.
 the establishment of a programme of work for the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4).
 i think that the most important thing is to respect the civil servants to discuss them in the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system, which is much more important than that of men.
 (c) the force commander of the force commander: the office of the force commanders office is sensitive to the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and international trade.
 the community development division and the support division of the family development division and the family support division has already undertaken publicity campaigns, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmonic global market is extremely successful.
 the international community should be fully aware of human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown in their numbers and diversity.
 similar provisions in the annex iii of the joint declaration are also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july to november, following a significant increase in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 it is clear that women's ability to participate fully participate in the social and social resources and its legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of all humankind.
 their despair and suffering.
 " we will be committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of its position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 in the amount of us$ 2000000000, after all, only $ 123000000.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the change in rent for households in hong kong.
 the adoption of such an approach should be focused on whether the proceeds of proceeds to the original guarantee.
 he believed that in the beijing olympic games, china will certainly succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 in the light of its multi-year programme, the commission considered the key issues of productive employment in the last year of this year.
 in the light of the mode of economic measurement, we will face a critical situation in which we will face.
 in 2000, the workplace protection ordinance, in 2000, also prohibits women's work at night-21 weeks.
 paraguatic facilities in paraguagu have also made significant improvements to the river transit corridors into the 2 key transport routes to the road.
 welcome everyone.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed to make a great deal of development, and we expect that it will be possible to implement them as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly of the general assembly is a culture of art.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is faster than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives of the national archives were looted.
 i am honoured at the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology and technology science and technology technology exhibition.
 their disciplined disciplines are disciplinary and acted by their own themselves.
 these recommendations are the public opinion for many years, and we have made suggestions on the public.
 " there is no need for the public to be unduly worried. " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public for information on the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the above-mentioned whereabouts and urged investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon region.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide timetable.
 the seven-year-old man, a spirit of good, voices, and voices, every day, every day, can see 100 patients.
 this incident took place on the road along the road near kshkati.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is a number of times.
 the government of industrial countries has allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the decision to suspend its debts.
 in the end of this century and the millennium, it saw human beings a great achievement and see a number of disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, after explaining my amendment, i would like to say a few words about this subject.
 the number of casualties of the armed conflict is civilian population.
 more than 3. people will be known as biotechnology revolutions.
 i understand that the chinese government agreed to consider the accuracy of the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of them.
 this amount provides for the growing needs of the people of iraq to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple was set up after the 1992 regulations.
 it is well known that, in fact, it is difficult to distinguish between voluntary and compulsory recruitment.
 let's take a letter on the day of the chinese journal, which was written in writing.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation continues to be high, and the inflation rate is expected to be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr tu also mentioned that he considered a lot of electors in the legal profession, and the sino-british row has been tired of.
 i also agree with the amendment to reduce the recommendation of a number of complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of draft reviews will be submitted to the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project, and it has a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial work.
 if we still have a lot of people's own, the number of china's prizes are also high.
 to meet the relevant measures, customs, the department of lands, lands department and the planning department will carry out such verification work with the oil companies.
 mr. wang ying (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you for the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the states concerned.
 responding to the police, officers of the commercial crime bureau, officers of the commercial crime bureau took investigation into three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept the continued professional training and the registration of registration <unk> mandates for renewal.
 the education department will be invited to participate in the selection of schools at the end of february each year.
 however, these technologies have been enormous.
 i would also like to say a little hesitation of him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 is more obvious.
 the minimum age for the establishment of an obligation will be made for each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the argument that i am not repeating the old loyal employees who are old-heartedly.
 when there is no other speakers, the chairman should declare the debate that the debate should be completed.
 when he said, " you are often working on the work of your work, " he said.
 the maximum level of the ceiling should be kept in the future.
 the 2 sisters are suffering from hunger and guards on a night.
 " we should continue to improve the level of service, which is our expectations. "
 it can be a major step forward in the future.
 4. the community is clearly strongly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights, and the establishment of these freedoms.
 it seems that the government is simply " own ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has been able to enter the united states on air safety and prevented them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 the delegation felt that the court should be in line with some criteria.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should have more actively implement the relevant policies.
 the vienna convention on the vienna convention relates to multilateral covenants and agreements, including the human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is a genuine democratic state for the development of a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly reported a 7 family, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal notice, " he said.
 (b) management private land is the responsibility of land owners.
 this brings the poor the poor.
 we think that hong kong's cultural life is a more important city.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary transits, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the tax tax and the individual income tax will be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and seriously seriously consider the need for japan.
 in the sudan, welfare and the family department of social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization, which is accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the mission of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, it is the checks and balances between the administration and legislation.
 even if she shells is not public transport, there are no more than two days to work on the streets.
 this year, it may be, after all, no one.
 next, let us take a look at iraq's policy of iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 i would like to say, " i am very happy. "
 despite good financial results, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its goals in terms of gdp growth.
 yes, it is somewhat different.
 if we hope that the united nations, the united nations would have an important position, we must make the united nations to take the united nations to move forward.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works on the ground under the ground.
 after the election, he believed that this is the last time i lasted my last meeting.
 the spokesman said, " the number of accidents in the catering industry and the rate of accident rates have declined.
 the croatian police officers are also engaged in patrolling and vehicle patrols by the croatian police.
 with regard to the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung said that this would be misunderstanding in the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the authorities will consider carefully the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you are soliciting views, and it is not appropriate for them to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 during the evening, he will fly to washington for a visit to the end of the 10 american visit.
 exports from developing countries to the united states have increased from 22 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the court decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 then she had a lot of his shoes.
 <unk> 152. despite the need for analysis of data and the number of data, the content of the data are small.
 the report noted, however, that although the local market had not been sold in the local market, the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and proposes to retain the current rate of 2.7 per cent of the present report.
 in the fight against terrorism in the fight against terrorism, the international community should not be the reason for not.
 the administration has recognized that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, there is a steady growth in hong kong's economic growth, and the surplus of the housing sector is in many countries.
 this is the same.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view that the time limit for the committee is not determined.
 for more than 3 years, a large number of documents proves that a large number of documents proves that the cost of the water shortage has been made.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting nuclear explosions, but not prohibiting nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new weapons systems.
 they told him that they could not be able to visit him.
 overall, the overall overall general and far-being of the whole could be greater than its part.
 (b) <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 it is true that the green paper is misleading.
 in 1993, it became a member of china's appointment, and was a member of a member of the commissioner of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to cooperation in the long-term strengthening of the protection and infrastructure of the state and the infrastructure of the country.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use careful use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing, and the economic cooperation of economic cooperation is increasing, and the world is speeding up towards multipliation.
 and chinese paintings with the museum of the museum of the museum and the museum of the museum also began.
 in a sense of rationalness and emotions, it's a great deal of emotions.
 i refer to the response of the crisis in west africa.
 however, the fundamentality of the angolans themselves commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors increased significantly in the european union.
 there are few indications that there is little indications that there is a great deal of drugs.
 such a seminar will be very tired, but everyone thought that this return was not wasteed and no waste of individual time.
 outside of the brazilian turtles, fusan, spects and hums, is the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subjected to discrimination against women, or in the middle of the labour force.
 (a) the state<unk>s more than 50 per cent of the country<unk> (ii) can be used by the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia was 1 time for the 1 time in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have sought to influence a government.
 this fan is a product of the product of a new single-pelling system of one country.
 some of the original groups did not have been able to speak out in 1988.
 however, with the possibility of resumption of the population of people, it will be necessary for east timor to continue to have a large number of refugees.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs and at least five people died and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police were charged with a reduction in the case of human rights violations or criminal cases.
 his election highlighted the advantages of his personal qualities and his rich experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is the " people-oriented industry ", the whole industry cannot survive.
 every 10 cent of the 10 centimetres shall be at 17 cents of the 173-storey line and 133 of the 133-storey lines.
 the words " revital ".
 at the same time, there is no general service to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-discriminal security, continued possession of the debtors and maintenance of assets should also be borne by the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the context of mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the context of urgent needs.
 the explosions occurred in the vicinity of the incident, but the scene was busy, but there was no casualties.
 the council has also started a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that it will be in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not mentioned in section 8 of the document.
 i accepted the constitutional affairs division of the constitutional affairs division that some things are too close to the election.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, and the meeting was suspended at the meeting.
 car parks adjacent to the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in portfolios portfolios continued to grow steadily, and the performance of the ldc's industrial index has greatly improved.
 many people have been able to enjoy a shopping shopping facilities, but they don't pay money.
 in mid-july this year, lee kai-feh visited japan to join japan in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the island's comprehensive development plan.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 small seventy is well-known, he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love for her friend.
 " hong kong's occupational safety and health management: " hong kong's occupational safety " is a keynote speech.
 if you want to ask you one thing, i am very grateful to you.
 the new advantages of the hong kong new airport is the state-of-the-art and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the economy in the economy, many small amounts could be made available.
 with regard to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft is too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we have to preserve the rule of law, we have to preserve hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the allocation of resources for the biennium 2002-2003-2002-2002 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to promoting the employment of university students.
 if he is more than 50 years of age, his personality has been found at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces are still entering into the village after all houses in the village, and burning the homes of the village and burnt another other.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be consulted as soon as possible, as soon as possible, for early detection and treatment of early detection and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of a child in order to provide, access or facilitating the use of children.
 this is not an achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further by 2% in the value of orders of the metal products industry.
 equally important, it is important that the debt for the long-standing and external debt of african countries accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after more than hours of debates and years, we are now going to return back to the beginning.
 in the council, 14 panels of experts have 14 panels of experts, and the members of the members are working on the work of the individual.
 in the case of the expert unit, more in-depth tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed at the end of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace south-south cooperation, and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of the family is taking place in many changes.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese textbooks, the authorities have set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 another another is: " bank's business is better. "
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates the leadership role in the field of unctad, thematic discussion was only a matter of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, there is a need to look at trade.
 it was reported, however, denied that this person had been transferred to the custody of the person who had been transferred to their custody.
 in order to avoid the general interests of political parties, the campaigns of political parties should be subject to strict control and maintenance of public funds.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000.
 he never imagined that, sun sun-yun has experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises, mr chan wing-kwong, met with the chief executive of the three working groups of three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, there is only a large number of land in the new territories.
 we welcome, " the spokesman said.
 if you want the computer to make sure " you 're " don't " don't " harm, " you 'll tell it. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces did not appear to be a matter of urgency, no matter whether the authorities or local people do not do.
 please watch the five new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand.
 the adoption of the new merger guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the course of the experimental system, it was suggested that there was an impact on the basis of a number of performances in the area.
 national television stations broadcast a few programmes on this seminar to help enhance the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is under 65 years of age, they have equal employment and income more than a minimum wage.
 in general, this information will not be disclosed.
 he is well aware that he has always been committed to the legal aspects.
 the special rapporteur invited the authority to conduct a review of the " ordinance " in accordance with the international standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will find appropriate vacancies and helping them to find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates. "
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and 2008 will be held in beijing, cooperation will also be held in beijing.
 recently, one of the scholars from the mainland, who came from the mainland, attended a speech in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has already developed checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, then he was cut off his hand, and the safety of several thousand people.
 kosovo serbs have participated in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to the provisional self-government.
 the mark was a headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 to date, " taipei's dignity " is now in the gate of the new painting room.
 the name of the names of the names of the name, " said the name of the name of augu and barbaki, said: "
 born in new zealand in 1944, rice chittun, who was born in new zealand, graduated from the university of kberra, students and australia university.
 in the traditional market, there are two chickens to attack each other.
 details of the scheme, in both english and english, will be put up at the venues at the site venue for public inspection.
 because the dpp has set up a new dpp.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed the choice of many employees.
 the claimant provides export credit guarantees for export credit and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that more attention should be given to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 in accordance with the act of health organizations, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economic scholars from bangkok in bangkok, " nobody knows how many people know the cost. "
 in this section, wenaoning people's publishing, " says liaoning people, " says liaoning people.
 madam president, today, the secretary for today's grandmothy is the " diet ", and we do not want to stay.
 under the atmosphere of the atmosphere, i may say that some of the comparisons are more exciting.
 the annex contains the comments made by the government of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance, the responses received very enthusiastic response to the audience and a great encouragement.
 i can also quote some examples. some people say that some of the chronic patients who have been infected with the hospital authority will not be denied.
 the approved plan need to be amended in order to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 actually, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that it was more sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she has the highest prestige and enjoy all civil servants.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the plan, which involves a variety of activities, including prevention, prosecutions, and prosecutions.
 with respect to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some instances the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in the case of cases, 100 fighters per hour can be fired from some 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation of the situation.
 first, we have taken action on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, no cash has been made available for the current peacekeeping operation.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for example, the under-secretary-general for example, and the special representative of the special representative of the special representative this morning.
 the decline in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability in developing countries.
 an international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the existence of existence in a number of countries in the past 5 years.
 the aids pandemic has caused sickness and orphans and orphans<unk> the increasing increase in conflicts in the clan of conflict.
 at the time of january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes that there should be general strengthening the effectiveness of the civilian police in complex operations.
 our assessment is that conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia are now no longer available.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of africa's population in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some countries have developed countries to have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumer life of the united states has to spend more than 10000 advertisements.
 in my view, the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a subject to play.
 oios requested the department of disarmament to help the ministry of disarmament to assist the new formations of member states.
 our financial position is lucky than the british government, and therefore there is no need for it.
 the last time in la laden was last seen in the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-qaeda and his deputy.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on reducing the reduction of waste reduction plans (unitly referred to the working group).
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 as a day before the performance of the performance of national music academics, mr hu said that the photos of national music academics were simple and simple.
 the gross surplus accounted by 17.2% in the services sector, which was a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict, children in society have been in society.
 the escalation of military attacks on civilian populations are carried out by the bosnian serb forces, every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week survey, 52424 visits were completed during the two-week field.
 the chickens were tested in the transport and blood test, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance for the continuation of these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres of the demilitarized zone, which extends 10 kilometres from iraq and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in the family service are girls.
 therefore, there has been a number of measures to ensure that the needs of the female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 mrs. liu ming-ming also came to taiwan because of war.
 it is expected that the fog weather in the central meteorological weather will also affect north china and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons that the right to food may be applied to the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the buffering of the buffer was used by colonial power to taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen national legal systems.
 the appropriate legal sanctions imposed by any person to engage in the manufacture of weapons would be able to promote compliance with respect to the mandate of the mandate.
 the government and the business sector launched a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces were too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet team will show the performance of the guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mr lee li-hung said: " all hong kong is a society of immigrants.
 on 30 may, a new fighting has occurred in the province of general abdul abdulh, a abdul abdula, the taliban and the taliban of the taliban.
 the volume of computer systems also triggered a large number of major issues which also triggered the privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included on the voluntary basis of the asean regional regional security situation, indicating which significant developments in the regional security situation.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods were handed over to the same day.
 " the more effective implementation of the mpf system is to be done, " the spokesman added.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they are often subject to the people of people, such as the enemy, and the people have no solidarity with people.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry to me.
 through this election, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is a special administrative class.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 as a result of the strategy, we do not want to go to the new areas, but we want to go to new areas. "
 the results will be issued in july.
 johnson was more than half a century.
 however, mr president, the bill today has been submitted to this council, namely, the bill will be implemented within the transition period.
 he was arrested at los angeles at los angeles at los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the meeting on the outlook for the hong kong economy in 2003.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas production and processing.
 some experts indicated that the statistics have not been able to reflect the magnitude of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the need for different types of bricks in different areas.
 since 1978, china's implementation of the exchange rate system had long been a long time, and the price of foreign exchange earners will be a foreign exchange price.
 bishkes have been established within the forum of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental fundamental fundamental fundamental basis.
 we will continue to persuade young people to have a very negative impact on health.
 part of the result is: in addition to religious books, research, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year, the total revenue of this year's total revenue of $ 122255, compared with $ 800600, was nearly 24%.
 these provisions should be used to quote the use of the chinese side.
 in other currencies, non-bank items carried out by other currencies are exchanged at the united nations operational rate of exchange rates.
 we also believe that the establishment of the international criminal court is fundamental to promoting respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have 2 ranked 2 in hong kong's best service providers. "
 in the wake of the incident, i know that the doctor of doctors had expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the scheme to reflect the latest land use in the north-east of lantau island.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to this end, member states must pay their assessed contributions on the basis of time, full and unconditional payment of their obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for half a century, human beings living in the hot nuclear dangers for the centuries.
 he said, in order to address these problems, a special cabinet for the first cabinet is the first cabinet of cabinet.
 in all cases, it is necessary for the time to be able to take place in the 2003-04-04 years.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the conduct of behaviour is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the financial statements of these financial statements would apply to the financial statements of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the south-eastern southern part of yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros, i would like to extend condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet been conducting a package of plans to undp for undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the delegation of anoman, the delegation of mali, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development at the centre of its strategic, planning, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently conducting about 70 examinations for about 70 examinations.
 after fleeing the culprit, the culprit then entered the sleep of the employer and to reveal the incident.
 the authorities have declared today today.
 for example, for example, the killings are already set up, but it was very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
